Hello, I'm Kim Jeong Ah, a nurse practitioner at
Eminent Hospice. Today, I will explain about the POLST.
POLST is a official document that determines what
treatment you will receive when the patient with severe disease with a serious disease
with the weakness of life-sustaining treatment.
It is an official document that determines whether
you will receive life-sustaining treatment or not, and if you think that the patient
and the doctor should be together, you can think of
it as a medical resource.
If it is difficult for the patient to write it
himself, you can write it instead of a legal person such as
family or power of attorney.
The purpose of POLST is not to write it, but if you
do not write it in advance, you will feel great
pressure or guilt due to the need for family
decisions later.
Also, if you do not have a pre-ordinary decision,
you may accept the patient's pain due to unnecessary medical procedures.
Accordingly, it is most desirable that the patient
decides in advance.
The written content can be changed anytime.
POLST is usually written on a bright pink container
so that it can be seen well in the eyes, and it is
often called the pink bomb.
If you keep it at home, it is often attached to the
refrigerator or place where it can be seen well compared to emergency situations.
When the 911 is launched, if there is a POLST,
according to the content, it decides the direction of treatment such as
CPR, lung surgery, etc.,
but if there is no POLST, it is automatically
controlled by full-code, all side-by-side treatment, and all emergency measures are carried out
to prevent the patient from suffering.
The food of POLST is largely composed of 8A, B, C,
D, and four, and contains various patient's treatment preferences and symptoms.
At the top right, you can enter the patient's
information on patient information.
When the patient's heart stops or does not breathe,
it is the part that decides whether to perform a simple operation.
The first option is an attempt to perform CPR, lung
surgery, etc.
When you check the CPR, it means that all emergency
measures can be taken when the patient's heart stops.
At the site, the heart massage and the artificial
breathing are performed, and all treatments including transplant, electric shock, drug treatment, organ
surgery, and artificial breathing are included.
In other words, all treatments include painkillers
for life extension.
That is, it means that all medical treatments
provided by the modern medicine for the life of the patient will receive full treatment.
The second option is a natural use of CPR, lung
surgery, etc.
When the patient's heart stops or breathing stops,
it is a choice that does not perform a simple operation, and does not face pain naturally.
There are cases where many people only think of
simple surgery, lung surgery, and heart pressure, which is seen in dramas or TV.
In fact, there are cases where you have to
understand the connection of the electric shock, organ surgery, and artificial breathing, so
it is necessary to send the patient to the hospital.
You have to understand and decide carefully.
Part B is divided into three things about medical
intervention, including medical intervention.
The first four treatments are meant to use all
medical means available for the life extension as I said earlier.
If you want CPR for the life extension, you will be
treated here and treated at the hospital.
The second selective treatment is a choice.
It is a selective treatment. It is a choice that
avoids excessive treatment and painful treatment due to the current medical problems.
It does not have to do with CPR or prayer, but it is
used to treat the need for life extension, lung surgery, etc.
When the patient is in a place where comfort,
comfort and comfort are not met, he will be sent to the hospital.
The third is a treatment that aims to fill in the
patient's comfort.
It is a symptom-free treatment such as oxygen,
suction, and absorption, but it is not an active treatment for the purpose of life extension.
It is a choice that most hospice patients choose.
Part C is a choice about artificially administered
nutrition and artificial nutrition.
The first is long-term artificial nutrition,
including feeding tube.
Long-term artificial nutrition is a surgical method
that includes a long-term artificial nutrition tube.
This method requires external surgery.
If you are already using a feeding tube before
starting hospice, you can continue while receiving hospice.
You can not start with a g-tube while doing hospice.
Usually, you consult a hospice service and do
g-tubes.
The second is trial field of artificial nutrition,
including feeding tube.
It is a short-term trial. It is a case of using
g-tubes, long-term nasogastric tubes, and g-tubes, which are commonly called g-tubes.
This tube is very uncomfortable because it has it
while the patient is conscious, so the patient may take it out without even knowing it.
The third is no artificial nutrition, including
feeding tube.
It means that it will not try artificial nutrition.
It is a choice that uses natural behavior without
artificial nutrition.
Most hospice patients choose this option for the
quality and flexibility of life.
Part D is the final section.
The decision is made by the patient or the family
and the procedure.
I would like to talk a little more about the feeding
tube.
There are people who are already using g-tubes when
you start hospice.
However, g-tubes can cause symptoms such as
inflammation, infection, and repeatable fever.
There are many cases where the patient needs to take
care of someone for 24 hours by dropping the quality of life of the patient.
care of someone for 24 hours.
Especially in dementia, Parkinson's, and brain
disease, patients often behave when they lose their ability to swallow,
but after a while, many people regret and regret it.
Some of my family members told me to do it in the
hospital, so I just did it.
There are many cases where the patient only listens
to the doctor when he is not ready to explain the situation.
However, in the end, in order to take care of one
patient, the whole family is sacrificed, or one of the family
has to take care of the whole family.
There are cases when the patient leaves the
hospital.
Therefore, it is better to consider the situation of
g-tubes, and carefully decide whether to take care of the patient's medical skills,
life quality, and the environment in which the
family can handle it.
I often talk to people who apply for hospice, but
first of all, I ask them whether they are ready to take
care of the patient's medical skills, life quality,
and the environment in which the patient is not ready to take care of the patient.
When applying for hospice, many people think that
they should do it because it is a good service, but there are cases
where they are surprised when they say that they are
not ready to take care of the patient's medical skills.
And they immediately ask like this.
What do you do when you are sick?
In particular, Koreans often think that if they are
sick, they should go to the hospital.
If they are in emergency, they should call 911.
Of course, in general situations, if you choose
hospice,
when the patient is sick or has a medical problem,
I tell you to contact hospice first.
Even in emergency situations, you can call hospice
and you can get help from the part you can solve in hospice.
The important thing is to explain to the family that
the patient's current situation and the things that have happened in the
future can be chosen by the family.
In fact, there are many cases where the family is
taken to the hospital because they are not doctors, but in reality,
there are quite a lot of cases where they are given
instructions to the guardian on the phone
or the nurse checks the patient at the door, and if
the doctor drops the medicine at the hospice,
there are quite a lot of cases where the patient
does not have to go to the hospital.
For example, some patients often go to the hospital
because the patient is sick.
There were cases where the family was tired and
started hospice.
And after the start of hospice, there were a lot of
panic attacks.
At that time, the hospice doctor had to remove the
warning signs and never went to the hospital for a year.
So, instead, the patient's condition got better, so
there were cases where the hospice had to terminate the treatment.
In this case, there are often cases like this.
The purpose of hospice is not to drag the patient
forward or to let go.
Hospice is the place where the patient is currently
at, so it helps to get the last dose naturally.
So, instead of going through a difficult treatment
process at the hospital, I will explain the patient's condition
so that the family can continue to prepare for it.
Then, in many cases, the patient and the family take
the situation well, and the patient also receives a comfortable dose at
the place where the patient is currently at.
Of course, at first, the patient said that he would
get a dose at home without going to the hospital,
but when the patient gets sick, the heart changes,
so there are cases of moving to the hospital.
As I explained in POLST, POLST can be changed at any
time depending on the patient and the family.
In that case, we will stop the hospice service,
and we will respect the choice of the family.
I will wrap up here.
POLST I mentioned so far is generally accepted.
However, in the actual scene, there are times when
the family asks the part that is not clearly written on the POLST.
For example, some families say, let's not even do
oxygenation.
In fact, oxygenation is considered as an emergency
comfort measure for the patient's convenience.
So we say that since oxygenation is considered as a
comfort measure, you must do it at the hospice.
If you listen to that explanation, some people
understand it, and some people don't understand it.
In this case, it is carried out according to the
doctor's order, but in the family, it may not be easy to decide.
So if you are not in a general situation in POLST,
you have to discuss with the doctor and decide.
The important thing is that there is no answer or
answer in the POLST.
The values of the patient and the family may vary
depending on the environment.
However, as I said earlier, I would like to
emphasize that a part of the life extension may cause more pain to the patient
and that it may drop the quality of life.
I recommend that the family decide carefully with
enough time.
It is difficult for anyone to talk about death.
However, it is really important to prepare to face
the end.
I would like to share my experience as a hospice
nurse.
I watched the end of many patients.
Some families are really good at preparing, so I saw
them go to the hospital in peace.
However, in some cases, even though the patient is
in pain, the family still lives a bit more comfortably.
So I watched the end of many patients.
Especially in Korea, there are many cases where
patients die without preparation.
Some patients die without preparation. In fact, the
most important moments of life are
preparation, care, marriage, retirement, etc.
You need to prepare and choose the last moment.
You already know, but there is no ordinary life.
The last moment is not just passing.
You need to prepare and choose.
For the patient, and for the rest of the family, you
need to take the last moment and prepare comfortably.
You need to take the last moment and prepare
comfortably.
Thank you for watching.